Miss Yunshuang.
Please don't do anything yet.
Let me explain.
A man's words are nothing but lies.
Let me explain, Miss Yunshuang.
Yunshuang.
He came back to me.
He truly means it.
What true feelings can a man have?
He only came back to survive.
One day, this will bring disaster.
I will kill him today.
Get back.
Yunshuang.
If you insist on making a move...
Don't blame me for showing no mercy.
My lady.
Yunshuang.
Are you alright?
Listen to me, everyone.
You locked me up.
It will take a month to undo it.
Now,
Return to the Hundred Illusions Realm at
once.
Something has happened.
Jiang Zhu cast a speech-binding spell on
us.
And left the Hundred Illusions Realm.
Why do I keep thinking of him?
My heart starts racing.
Am I worried
That he'll die if he can't break the
Love-Gu?
If
I can persuade him to let go of his hatred
for the Jade Waist Slave
And bring him back to the Hundred
Illusions Realm,
Maybe Sixth Aunt can break the curse.
Zun Yang acted because of me in the end.
That ambush on Wangyue Street was arranged
only then.
I spared his life.
I'll leave him to you.
My uncle came to see me today.
It wasn't just about playing chess with
me, was it?
Seeing how worried you are,
It must be about Jiang Zhu.
I want you
To keep her safe.
Right now, by your side,
Is where she's safest.
What do you need me to do?
This medicine
Will keep her asleep for several days.
You are her savior.
If you offer her wine,
She will drink it.
How ironic.
I will help you with this.
But that matter...
If Royal Uncle truly did it,
Won't you regret it?
These days.
I have never dared to face my own identity.
Unwilling to face
The line between us,
Which cannot be erased.
I've tried every way to run from
What should've been faced long ago.
What must be severed cannot be delayed.
If we wait longer,
It will only grow crueler.
After this is done,
How does Royal Uncle plan to settle Jiang
Zhu's fate?
I will go to His Majesty.
And prove what happened back then had
nothing to do with her.
Understood.
I will do my best.
Go and protect her.
Thanks to you.
My uncle and I just reconciled.
This cup is for you.
It's a pity Shen Miao is not here these
days.
Otherwise.
The three of us could have shared a drink.
Since you already know my identity.
There's something I want to tell you.
Shen Miao was bewitched because of me.
I need your help.
I...
Little Butterfly,
Sixth Aunt and Seventh Aunt are in the
capital.
Take me to them now!
Sorry, I fell asleep.
I'm leaving now.
Why did she wake so quickly?
Wasn't she supposed to sleep for two days
and nights?
Crimson,
Ninth Aunt, Jiang Zhu.
Seventh Aunt.
I missed all of you.
We miss you too.
Sixth Aunt.
You know her better.
That saves me the trouble.
Sit down.
Sixth Aunt and Seventh Aunt.
I was wrong to cast a spell on you.
But you can't
Just keep me tied up like this?
If they find out I'm missing,
They'll definitely worry.
Who are they?
People from the imperial court?
In just over a month,
You've forgotten who you are.
Shen Yuheng.
This is the little lucky cloud I've been
searching for.
They all know who I am.
No one hurt me.
He's your little lucky cloud?
Yes, yes.
The person who saved you when you were a
child.
He is the Crown Prince.
Anyway, Sixth Aunt,
Please untie me first, all right?
Oh, no!
Oh no, something terrible happened!
How did you find me?
Are you trying to catch me again?
I hold no grudge against you.
Can't you just leave me alone?
You're not here for me.
They're here for my wife.
If you want to take my wife,
You'll have to step over my corpse.
Right?
We can talk this through.
You actually
Found the entrance to the Hundred
Illusions Realm?
What are you looking at me for?
I never told you where the entrance was.
Before you leave.
I had someone send you a pair of shoes.
The soles were specially made.
They carry a special mark and scent.
Following your tracks,
It wasn't hard to find this place.
You... you are simply...
Shut up.
Everyone,
Since I found this place today,
I can surely
Take all of you back.
I urge all of you,
Do not make needless sacrifices.
Surrender.
Return to the capital with me.
People of the court
Are as cunning as ever.
Disgusting.
These arrows
Are all soaked in Mokui poison.
I'm sure you all know
What Mokui poison does to Jade Waist
Slaves.
Once it strikes,
Death is certain.
I
Truly do not wish to do this.
Shen Miao.
What are you doing here?
Crimson,
Put down your bow.
Shen Miao.
You didn't bring them here.
You didn't come to capture the Jade Waist
Slaves.
You came for me.
Did you not?
Shen Miao.
Before.
You tried to stop me from becoming the
Flower Goddess.
You said my trust was worthless.
But my trust was not betrayed.
Now,
Can I still trust what I believe in?
I've told you before.
You're too naive.
I am Prince Yan of Great Yan.
Capturing the Jade Waist Slaves
Is my duty.
And you?
Will you arrest me too?
All soldiers, hear my order!
Without my and Qingniang's command,
No one is to act rashly.
Let go.
The court has been hunting the Jade Waist
Slaves.
If I hadn't found the Hundred Illusions
Realm today.
Others will find it one day.
They can't hide forever.
Crimson,
Believe me.
As for what happened twelve years ago,
I will uncover the truth.
I don't believe you.
Why didn't you fight back?
Because you're guilty, aren't you?
Yes.
Yes, I am guilty.
Shen Miao.
Don't you want to know
The color of fresh blood?
Then I'll show you now.
My mother once told me,
If fresh blood
Were not so vivid and glaring,
People would lose all reverence for life.
They would grow numb to killing.
What did the Jade Waist Slaves ever do
That you seek to wipe us out?
Because we are different,
So we should just die?
Do you truly have to witness
My clan's bloodshed before your eyes?
Twelve years ago.
It was the Jade Waist Slave who
slaughtered the army camp.
And more than three hundred soldiers died.
Impossible.
You experienced this yourself.
Did you truly see it with your own eyes,
Or are you only repeating rumors?
The surviving soldiers said so themselves.
Did you question each of them
And test every word they said?
Must it all be true?
Shen Miao.
If you insist on killing my family...
Then I will fight you to the death.